what's up guys my name is Sarah deechi
rhymes with peachy if you're new around
here I'm with a friend
hi guys I'm Krystal Laura and I make
videos on YouTube like you do I'm stoked
to have you here we are doing a what's
on my iPhone 10 video since that's our
main phone of choice but recently I did
a top productivity apps video and you
guys really dug it and that was probably
six months ago and I have new apps now
so we're gonna get into that but first
let's just take an iPhone 4 let's try it
with yours what are you should we start
like on the outside like I have a skin
on mine and I do have like one of the
live wallpapers
yeah I keep things in like Nestle's
folder to a movie I think I'm the
opposite so I just have so many apps
everywhere explain your folder system
what are the movies there's my car I
have like GPS maps and uber all that
stuff I have my smart home stuff in here
on the next one it's like where all the
folders are there's like notes and more
productivity apps camera travel food I
only have two things I move seamless so
much seamless is the number one go-to
because it's cheapest but if you're just
craving like eat by Chloe and you need
it now
get a postman on my iPhone 10 I have the
moment case so it's a slim case I'd
rather not have a case on it I like the
naked feel of iPhones
however this allows you to put on
different lenses you have the fisheye
wide telephoto and macro lens and
anamorphic I always keep my background
just a very simple color this is not
extracting so I have a peach back from
Jason yeah I have all of my social media
on the front page pretty much and just
the smartphone stuff that I use in this
off often so I have the Alexa I use nest
video cameras to cover the office and
the apartment I'm a big fan of Google
Drive in Google Docs and sheets and
stuff like that I like to keep
everything pretty like out in the open
but if I have finance stuff food I put
all that in one folder because there's
so many and then this is kind of just
like um I'll probably use that you know
and if you notice Trello is not the end
mount - which is an app that I lived by
but I have a new one so that's gonna
segue us into our top 4/5 activity
social media content creation has also a
number one like 1password is here for me
the biggest benefit of it is that I
forget my passwords
the time not only does it store your
passwords but you can also generate it
like crazy long ones and then just store
it in there and so security is better so
whether it's one password there's
LastPass and - and that's that's another
thing I'm gonna point out all of these -
like they also are compatible with your
macbook and other devices like I think
this one even has like an Apple watch
the app that I've been using the most
recently that has actually taken over
Trello I'm transferring all of my Trello
boards
this app is things I'm a sucker for to
do apps so I love checking off stuff but
this is really cool because if you have
a to-do you can just throw it in your
inbox the top half is associated with
dates a lot of times so you can sync
your calendar so all of my calendar
things are in there so it's super handy
when it comes to day today - dues but
this is what I like below the line you
can create different projects and have
different to dues with in those projects
so this works for me because the whole
like clicking the to do is much better
than like moving a car country so I'm
trying to combine Trello and reminders
with this I still use Apple notes but I
do not like reminders so this kind of
replaces so video ideas you know I can
have video ideas and within this you can
actually have to do within the to do
every morning now what I'll do is just
click on that today what do I gotta do
today and then it syncs with your
calendar there's no three number three
very recently I've been trying out this
app called bear I feel like it's just
like looks cleaner what's up with pcs
and always making noise do they make
noise yeah so this nose app is just like
it looks a lot cleaner it looks a lot
better I also like that you can tag your
notes which is a cool way of like just
going back to them easier had a garage
what separates this from the regular
apple nuts other than the fact that like
I think it looks better there's also
like a lot of things that you can put in
here so you can really like customize
the way it looks
hi We're Going our top app Instagram one
I think any insights about sure peachie
fans yeah you say you upload pictures to
the speed and then after all I'm like
look at those pictures you can light
them all I really know the next up I
have for you guys it's called pocket
video so this is a way that I edit video
for micro content you would say whenever
I want to share a video I just post it
and I want to get it in a vertical mode
I use pocket video app here's a big hat
now that iPhone has the phone recording
you can go to a video of yours record
the screen
like literally tilted this way and
record the screen and it's gonna record
the audio straight from your video so if
you want you can just use this app to
tilt the video and then now with
Instagram stories you can actually
upload something that is horizontal and
you can just pinch it to crop so now
that you can do that on stories it makes
it super easy to just post horizontal to
stories but if you want to flip the
video around to vertical or you want to
do something special pocket video is a
way to go all right next one this is
really I love this up so basically you
can add fills like light fills or
different effects to your photos and it
might like you know look a little like a
like well I actually do that but I
actually do this one a lot right here
come into the picture yeah I got a post
on Instagram go hello crystal and
Instagram is this a free app it's free
but you can unlock more like I have more
on here because variously so you can add
a lot of texture so yeah what app do you
use to edit
do you use this app where you bring in
your edited pictures to here so make
sure like I do edit a lot of my pictures
just like on my laptop but on here I
just do like snaps feet or visco visco
is definitely my favorite
and yeah recently I actually signed up
for visco X or what everyone's calling
it X now basically the new membership
thing with visco it gives you exclusive
filters and they actually look really
good they're totally my vibe and also
with the visco X you can actually edit
videos okay let's edit this like video
chip with me and juggling
oh yeah I'll go do this see you can
throw filters on top of your video oh
and you can you have all of the controls
that you usually have with pictures
contrast I just discovered this on this
video and this is super clutch I mean
and you can sharpen
yo that's the way that you gonna do in
the final cut so download the vscocam
app and then it's like 20 dollars a year
and you get special features and you can
color great video it actually looks next
one next one i'll sets with you with
like photos and all that stuff yeah it's
just like an Instagram planner feed
planner so how would you plan ahead for
your next pose for my next one yeah
let's say I'm gonna post that palm tree
line right yeah so you can see does it
fit inside your feet yeah yeah and only
can you like add one photo to the feed
you can add another one yeah I really
like plan ahead just keep on piling them
up speaking of Instagram the app that
I'm going to talk about is Instagram
just because it's my favorite social
media it's this I think it's time for ya
oh wait I love Twitter though but
anyways there's no hacks that I have for
Twitter so the next is Instagram some
people have been asking me about this
I've been slowly posting videos to my
Instagram I was scared of that I like
the pretty pictures I like the theme
that I have going on but recently with
my podcast I've been wanting to post
some clips with captions so people can
meet with oh maybe I should go watch
that if you see some of the videos that
I have here here is one like me of the
camera it's color graded the way
I would color grade something this is
another video but you wouldn't be able
to tell by the thumb no really it is
just me and Gary so when you click on
these videos you have like the very meme
style thing that keeps people engaged
because there is captions but from the
aesthetics yeah like a photo here's the
hack so you click it and it just
everything seems normal but basically
the thumbnail is automatically that
picture and how I did that is when
you're editing this video you put the
first frame not the first second but the
first frame of this video is going to be
the picture that you want how do you get
it - not like flash in the beginning
yeah so technically it does flash but
it's so quick that you don't even notice
because when you're clicking you expect
to almost feel it's unknown so when you
click it it okay that's perfect see so
it's not distracting or anything but it
gets the really I think it's important
because when someone comes to your page
they're looking for that first
impression should I follow this person
do they put out a static or engaging
content and so you really want to keep
that first impression so it but then at
the heart of it you want to make
engaging stuff so if you have to
disguise a fun video with an artsy thumb
not do it next up next up what's going
to my travel folder I have bleh here and
this is it's a travel app it has little
pretty yeah it looks pretty house all
your like flight status he's like
logging your flight number and it'll
automatically find it you can have like
a checklist from your traveling which
this is like my go-to oh yeah yay for a
checklist it's a new yeah it's cool this
like right in the app - so I don't have
to have a checklist like that another
app and often I'll be flying different
airlines sometimes so that is a good way
where you're not shuffling in between
yeah ah yeah it's very seamless my last
one is something that's not super fancy
but the youtubers have converted me it's
been like like five years of me watching
you
and I I've heard grace helbig mamrie
Hart this is so best thing we're sorry
yeah yeah and every time I'm like shut
up I don't want to listen to audiobooks
but now that I'm commuting on the subway
or maybe there's just like downtime when
I'm getting ready I want to be educated
I want to be informed so now I'm
listening to audiobooks and also
podcasts but I am dabbling an audiobook
so I'm curious about real estate I'm
like listening to a real estate book
right now it's just a very cool way for
me to passively consume important stuff
Nielsen audio books I've had like in the
past like I checked that a lot of like
you know I like to read a lot of like
other youtubers books and like I feel
like the Lilly Singh went on there
so I will and then I use overcast for
most of my podcast if you haven't
checked out my podcast the creative
exchange if you're curious I will put
all of the apps names in the description
below as well as Crystal's channel go
follow her go subscribe go watch your
videos they are amazing thanks so much
for joining me of course
and if you guys want to check out some
previous videos that I've made I did my
final review on the Sony rx100 5 I got
some new tech I'll link those videos and
description as well thank you guys so
much for joining let me know if you like
this video hit that subscribe button
down below for new videos every single
week in the podcast podcast the podcast
juice and I see you oh favorite I like
h2 h3 a lot but like oh my gosh we now
have so much more to talk about I love
you should do one with them yes I quit
yes you are
please okay well we're gonna have that's
a new goal getting h3 on my podcast
until next time guys thank you so much
for watching stay PG okay
[Music]